chore: add async/await Node documentation (#31)
IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common: README.md

</details>
<details><summary>Node.js</summary>

> The Node.js SDK executes each request asynchronously and returns the response as a `Promise`. The Node SDK also supports `async/await` which processes `Promise` without neededing to formally chain the functions to provide synchrous-like behavior.

Reviewer: Just two small suggestions on this line
```suggestion
The Node.js SDK executes each request asynchronously and returns the response as a `Promise`. The Node SDK also supports `async/await`, which processes the `Promise` without needing to formally chain the functions, to provide synchronous-like behavior.
```
